# Booster

## Requirments

- Java >= 1.8
- Gradle >= 7.0

## Command

```
java -Xmx64g -XX:-OmitStackTraceInFastThrow -classpath {libs}:{Booster_Jar} Main {libs}:{Booster_Jar} {TestFilePath} {FullyQualifiedClassName} {testdir} {boosting_time} {num_split} {mode}
```

* libs=The classpath required to execute the initial test file.
    * In our experiment, `{cpD4J}:{JUnit.jar}:{EvoSuite.jar}`
        * cpD4J: output of `${D4J_DIR}/bin/defects4j export -p cp.test` command to each bug of Defects4J
* Booster_Jar=`"Booster-shadow.jar"`
* TestFilePath=path of initial test file
    * ex) `{dir_to_test}/org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer_ESTest.java`
* FullyQualifiedClassName= fully qualified name of initial test class
    * ex) `org.jfree.chart.renderer.category.AbstractCategoryItemRenderer_ESTest`
* testdir=The directory path where the initial test exists, excluding the package path.
    * ex) `{dir_to_test}` of `{dir_to_test}/org/jfree/chart/renderer/category/AbstractCategoryItemRenderer_ESTest.java`
* boosting_time=generation time of Booster
* num_split=split the generated test into the given number.
    * For example, in our experiment, test generated over 240 seconds was split into 4 test files, each with a 60-second interval.
* mode={seqc|seqp}
    * seqc: Sequence-Changing mode
    * seqp: Sequence-Preserving mode

## Output

{initial_test_name}\_{C|P}\_{n}.java: tests generated by Booster

* C: Sequence-Changing mode
* P: Sequence-Preserving mode
* n: number of split


# Dataset

The dataset consists of bug detection and coverage.
The data for each tool is written in a CSV file and consists of the following information.

## Bug Detection

### Booster

`initial_test_tool,initial_test_generation_time,project,bug_id,test_id,boosting_time,bug_detection,mode`

### Randoop, EvoSuite, EvoSuite (without minimization)

`generation_time,project,bug_id,test_id,bug_detection`

## Coverage

### Booster

`initial_test_tool,initial_test_generation_time,project,bug_id,test_id,boosting_time,coverage`

### Randoop, EvoSuite, EvoSuite (without minimization)

`generation_time,project,bug_id,test_id,coverage`


- Booster
    - initial_test_tool: test generation tool of initial test (ES|RD)
    - initial_test_generation_time: test generation time budget of initial test
    - boosting_time: It indicates the time budget used by the Booster for generating tests. In our experiment, there are 60, 120, 180, and 240 seconds.
    - mode: The mode that detected the bug. If both detected, it's indicated as 'both'. (seq-c|seq-p|both)
- generation_time: time budget used for generating tests
- project, bug_id: Represent project and bug id of Defects4J
- test_id: To reduce bias introduced by randomness, five tests were generated, and it indicates which one this is. (0~4)
- bug_detection: If bug is detected, it's indicated as 'yes'; if not, as 'no'.
- coverage(%): It represents branch coverage.





